## INTRO: PREFACE

Not once have the forces of Evil turned their gaze to the small kingdom of 
Elgariol, protected by White Magic. The first invasion was being prepared from 
the south five years ago. The powerful wizard Barlad Dart built the Black Castle 
in the Enchanted Forest, turning the once peaceful forest into a foothold from 
which goblins and orcs were to begin their onslaught. Two years later, another 
sorcerer, Anchir Shor, established himself not far from the eastern borders of 
the kingdom, declaring himself the Master of the vast desert stretching around.

And each time the fate of Elgariol was decided by a lone hero, who with the help 
of the royal advisor and astrologer, the master of White Magic, Maylin, managed 
to defeat the Evil. But this could not last forever, and the nature of Evil 
remained unknown. Where did the dark forces come from and where did they go, 
what remained more in the world — Good or Evil — Maylin did not know. The 
kingdoms were too divided, so one could judge only by what was happening among 
the nearest neighbors, and even then with great caution.

However, it was well known that a little over four hundred years ago there lived 
a man who managed to rise to the highest, most sacred levels of Knowledge and 
was awarded the title of Great Mage. And then he founded near the northwest 
borders of Elgariol the Abode of the Six Words, where pilgrims from all over the 
world came to seek Knowledge. The doors of the Abode were open to everyone, and 
many spies and envoys of the forces of Evil managed to infiltrate there.

Time passed, and the number of troubles and misfortunes in the world did not 
diminish, and the Great Mage began to ponder: was it worth so generously sharing 
Knowledge, often used not for good, but for harm. And the doors of the Abode of 
the Six Words closed, its courtyard emptied, and Knowledge became inaccessible.

Then the forces of Evil, who had long been dissatisfied with receiving Knowledge 
in small portions, decided to seize it entirely. The mage, with some difficulty, 
repelled the attack and again plunged into thought.

And one night, a magical Labyrinth grew around the Abode, the gates of which 
always remained open. It was announced that only he who proved himself worthy of 
Knowledge could pass through the Labyrinth. Since then, many entered these 
gates, but there was no news from any of them. And soon even the leaders of Evil 
forgot about the impregnable Labyrinth.

Four hundred years passed. And one day Anchir Shor, studying the surroundings of 
his domains, discovered an ancient structure. It was not difficult to guess its 
purpose, and the sorcerer decided to renew attempts to penetrate the Labyrinth. 
It seemed unlikely that the Great Mage was still alive, and if not, it would be 
much easier to get there. But Anchir Shor was mistaken — the Labyrinth still 
kept its secret.

However, Evil is not going to abandon its intentions, and perhaps conquering the 
Labyrinth is only a matter of time. And falling into the wrong hands, the great 
Knowledge can cause great harm — the king of Elgariol realized that there was no 
time to waste.

But as before, one could only hope for a brave warrior who, perhaps at the cost 
of his own life, would dare to try to penetrate the Labyrinth and succeed. 
Because only a truly worthy person can pass where any army is useless, and 
everything depends only on you.

To achieve the goal, you need not only intelligence and determination but also 
courage, resourcefulness, instant reaction. If you want to test your strength, 
then the King of Elgariol is waiting for you...

Having spoken about the difficulty of the task ahead, the King leaves you alone 
with Maylin. But the wizard's gaze is sad: this time he can do little to help 
you.

The day before your arrival at the castle, he sent his condors to reconnoiter, 
but they couldn't even fly over the Labyrinth — an invisible wall blocked the 
way. However, from above, the structure of the Labyrinth was perfectly visible — 
a huge square, into which several smaller squares were inscribed. However, it 
remained unknown in which of them the Abode of the Six Words was located.

Fortunately, Maylin knows a little more about the Abode itself and tries to tell 
you, not missing a single detail. According to the Main Chronicles of Elgariol, 
it was one of many Wizarding Schools at the time, gladly accepting students 
after a simple test. The only unusual thing was that none of the disciples, 
including even the envoys of Evil, could or did not want to subsequently talk 
about what happened inside the School, refusing even to report what the building 
looked like. Whether it was due to a powerful spell, an oath, or something else, 
no one knew.

However, the knowledge obtained by the disciples of the Great Mage was shared 
with pleasure.

And it became known that the Mage revered six words as the basis of all 
existence in the world: "Good", "Faith", "Mercy", "Strength", "Fear", and 
"Power". That's why the Abode was given such a name.

It is also known, continues Maylin, that inside the Abode, these words possessed 
magical properties. Surely, this rule applies to the Labyrinth as well. The 
effect of each word is unknown, for no one can predict the logic of the Great 
Mage's actions. However, just as you cannot release a bird from its cage twice, 
you cannot utter the same word twice. Once spoken, the word loses its power, and 
you cannot speak it again, regardless of whether it had a magical effect or not.

Furthermore, it is noted in the Main Chronicles that the entire garrison 
guarding the School consisted of only six people. These individuals were called 
the Knights of the Order of the Six Words, and the Commander of the Order was 
the Great Mage himself. Needless to say, they were by no means ordinary 
warriors. It was even rumored that the Mage had cast a Second Immortality Spell 
on them, allowing them to die only in honorable combat.

However, any of the knights could easily be defeated by loudly uttering the 
magical Word symbolized by him. However, the Chronicles warn that if you were 
mistaken and called out the wrong Word (as often happened with those who tried 
to defeat these knights by cunning in tournaments), it was tantamount to signing 
your own death sentence. The knight did not rest until he killed the offender, 
and very few could withstand these warriors. In those times, everyone who joined 
the Order wore armor, a tunic, and a cloak with the emblem of the Order — a 
yellow circle with a black letter "S" — "Scientia" — "Knowledge." So it's worth 
considering before challenging a knight of the Order (if, of course, any of them 
are still alive).

And, of course, inside the trap-filled Labyrinth, not only magic but also good 
reflexes will be required.

*Leaving Elgariol, you can only take the essentials with you*: **a sword**, 
**a shoulder bag**, *and* **three days' worth of food**.

Well, that's all Maylin can do to help you, and it's time to face the King 
again. He suggests you once again think about the importance and seriousness of 
the upcoming task. After all, if later you get scared or realize that you've 
overestimated your abilities, there will be no turning back — for you cannot 
exit the Labyrinth without completing it.

If, despite everything, you are determined to try yourself in this dangerous and 
difficult endeavor, all that remains is to wish you good luck...